DOCS-3003: Add prerequisite of physically assembling hardware to components and services (#3540)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/arm/eva.md

# SMEs: Bucket, Motion
---

Configure an `eva` arm to integrate an [Automata Eva](https://automata.tech/products/hardware/about-eva/) robotic arm into your machine.

> Connect your arm to your machine and turn it on if you want to test your arm as you configure it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to test your arm as you configure it, connect it to your machine's computer and turn it on.
```

# SMEs: Bucket, Motion
---

> Configure an `eva` arm to integrate a [Automata Eva](https://automata.tech/products/hardware/about-eva/) robotic arm into your machine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configure an `eva` arm to integrate an [Automata Eva](https://automata.tech/products/hardware/about-eva/) robotic arm into your machine.
```

> Make sure to first connect the arm to your machine's computer and turn it on.

Reviewer: Maybe something like "Connect your arm to your machine and turn it on if you want to test your arm as  you configure it" would address @JessamyT 's feedback? @JessamyT what do you think. (Sierra wait to apply until we've discussed it)

Reviewer 2: I like that because it tells the user why they would want to have it on, and avoids the confusion of them thinking that it's not possible to configure without it being powered on.

Author: applied

> Make sure to first physically assemble the Eva, connect it to your machine's computer, and turn it on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure to first connect the arm to your machine's computer and turn it on.
```
I'm not sure how much assembly is required on various arms. Also, for some models like DOFBOT, I'm not sure whether the manufacturer actually calls it "the DOFBOT" or if it would be "the DOFBOT arm," so it's probably best to keep it generic and simplify.

Reviewer 2: For posterity to surface offline convo: I did check with Ray and it sounds like off-the-shelf arms tend to ship fully assembled.
